Replace libevent with our own HTTP and socket-handling implementation (#35182)
bitcoin/bitcoin: doc/release-notes-35182.md

HTTP: RPC / REST
----------------

The HTTP server has been rewritten from scratch to replace libevent. (#35182)

Certain edge cases will observe different behavior to be more RFC-compliant:

> - Stricter limit on maximum headers size

Reviewer: nit: maybe specify size to 8192 bytes

Author: added this note and specified the reason

HTTP: RPC / REST
----------------

The HTTP server has been rewritten from scratch to replace libevent. (#35182)

`libevent` has been deprecated as a logging category and will be removed in
a future release. At that time configurations like `debugexclude=libevent` will
be invalid.

Certain HTTP edge cases will observe different behavior to be more RFC-compliant:

- Stricter enforcement of maximum headers size (8192 bytes)
- Reject requests with whitespace in headers field-names

> - "Line Folding" is rejected (whitespace at start of a headers line)

Reviewer 2: More correct in singular form?
```suggestion
- Reject requests with whitespace in header field-names
- "Line Folding" is rejected (whitespace at start of a header line)
```

Author: 👍
